feat(installer) release note (#1071)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

 - The connector _document templating_ in version 1.1.3 removes all invalid XML characters from the resulting document. 
 - The connector _web service_ in version 1.2.5 removes all invalid XML characters from the envelope.

### Studio Windows installer

> * Now detect if an anti-virus is enabled and suggest to exclude the install folder to improve Studio performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now detects if an anti-virus is enabled and if so, suggests to exclude the folder where Bonita is installed from the anti-virus scanning scope, to improve Studio performance.
```

> * Now detect if the fire-wall is enabled and automatically allow incoming traffic for the studio and the embedded JVM (Community only) executables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now detects if the fire-wall is enabled and if so, automatically allows incoming traffic for the studio and the embedded JVM (Community only) executables.
```

Reviewer: What is the benefit?
